README.md, before:

# click_effects-rails

asset gem for the stellar [ClickEffects library](https://github.com/codrops/ClickEffects) from [codrops](http://tympanus.net/codrops/).

I haven't included any of the javascript or custom SVG from codrop's original implementation.

This release is just pure CSS, which means some of the animations may not work (e.g., _zorka_).

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'click_effects-rails'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install click_effects-rails

## Usage

See the [article](http://tympanus.net/codrops/2015/02/11/subtle-click-feedback-effects/) at codrops, or check out [the demos](http://tympanus.net/Development/ClickEffects/).

## Versioning

ClickEffects has no official version, so this Gem is starting out with `0.0.1`.

## License

See the original license for the codrop project [here](http://tympanus.net/codrops/licensing/)

## Contributing

1. Fork it ( https://github.com/brettimus/click_effects-rails/fork )
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create a new Pull Request

Commit message:

renamed file updated gemspect and readme

README.md, after:

# click_effects-rails

asset gem for the stellar [ClickEffects library](https://github.com/codrops/ClickEffects) from [codrops](http://tympanus.net/codrops/).

I haven't included any of the javascript or custom SVG from codrop's original implementation.

This release is just pure CSS, which means some of the animations may not work (e.g., _zorka_).

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'click_effects-rails'
```

Then, add this line to your `application.css` file.
```
*= require click_effects
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle


## Usage

See the [article](http://tympanus.net/codrops/2015/02/11/subtle-click-feedback-effects/) at codrops, or check out [the demos](http://tympanus.net/Development/ClickEffects/).

## Versioning

ClickEffects has no official version, so this Gem is starting out with `0.0.1`.

## License

See the original license for the codrop project [here](http://tympanus.net/codrops/licensing/)

## Contributing

1. Fork it ( https://github.com/brettimus/click_effects-rails/fork )
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create a new Pull Request
